Nautobot to LibreNMS job (#674)
nautobot/nautobot-app-ssot: docs/user/integrations/librenms.md

- Debug: Additional Logging
- Librenms Server: External integration object pointing to the required LibreNMS instance.
- hostname_field: Which LibreNMS field to use as the hostname in Nautobot. sysName or hostanme.

> - location_type: This is used to filter which locations are synced to LibreNMS. This should be the Location Type that actually has devices assigned. For example, Site. Since LibreNMS does not support nested locations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- location_type: This is used to filter which locations are synced to LibreNMS. This should be the Location Type, such as Site, that actually has devices assigned since LibreNMS does not support nested locations.
```

> - load_type: Whether to load data from a local fixture file or from the External Integration API. File is only used for testing.

Reviewer: Is this meant for unit tests or some other kind of testing? If this is simply for development work it should probably be removed from the final integration.

Author: Allows you to try the plugin and import a few devices from fixtures without a connection to a librenms server.

From LibreNMS into Nautobot, the app synchronizes devices, and Locations. Here is a table showing the data mappings when syncing from LibreNMS to Nautobot.

| LibreNMS objects        | Nautobot objects             |
| ----------------------- | ---------------------------- |
| geo location            | Location                     |
| device                  | Device                       |
| interface               | Interface `**`               |
| device os               | Platform/Manufacturer `*`    |
| os version              | Software/SoftwareImage       |
| ip address              | IPAddress `**`               |
| hardware                | DeviceType                   |

`*` Device OS from LibreNMS is not standardized and therefore there is a mapping that can be updated in the `constants.py` file for the integration as more device manufacturers and platforms need to be added. If new device manufacturers and platforms are added, open an issue or PR to add them.
`**` Not yet implemented, but planned for the future.

### LibreNMS as DataTarget

This is a job that can be used to sync data from Nautobot to LibreNMS. 

#### Job Options

- Debug: Additional Logging

> - Librenms Server: External integration object pointing to the required LibreNMS instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- LibreNMS Server: External integration object pointing to the required LibreNMS instance.
```

> - hostname_field: Which LibreNMS field to use as the hostname in Nautobot. sysName or hostanme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- hostname_field: Which LibreNMS field to use as the hostname in Nautobot, sysName or hostname.
```

> - sync_locations: Whether to sync locations from Nautobot to LibreNMS.

Reviewer: I think you might want to rewrite this section to not have duplicate documentation about the same settings across the two Job forms. Perhaps have a section on shared settings and if any specific to each Job list those under the specific Job name?

Author: Sure I can do that.
